README.md, before:

# Sunlight FEC Analysis - Committee Receipt Merge
Michael Nolan, Sunlight Search

Created: 2024-01-12

## Overview
Script and tooling to access and compare contributions to and payouts from different U.S. political campaigns. Data accessed from the Federal Election Commission's openFEC data access API: https://api.open.fec.gov/developers/

## Dependencies
- python >= 3.6
- numpy
- pandas
- requests
- tqdm

## Installation
1. Clone the repository to a local directory
2. Get an OpenFEC API key: https://api.open.fec.gov/developers/
3. Create an `.env` file at the base directory of the repository. Add the following lines:
```
# OpenFEC API key
OPENFEC_API_KEY = <your_api_key_from_step_2>
```

## Operation

### `open_fec_scraper.py` --- Download Committee Receipt Data
To run the data download script, navigate to the directory of your local clone of the repository and run the following from the command line:
```
python ./open_fec_scraper.py
```
This will run the script to download and save as a local CSV file all campaign receipts filed by a default set of candidate election committees.

To get receipt data from a different set of committees, run the following:
```
python ./open_fec_scraper.py -c <COMMITTEE_ID_1> <COMMITTEE_ID_2> <COMMITTEE_ID_3> ...
```
Candidate committees can be found using the OpenFEC portal here: https://www.fec.gov/data/

### `fec_data_merge.py` --- Find Donor Overlap
To run the analysis script, run the following from the command line:
```
python ./fec_data_merge.py
```
This takes each combination of the default committee data files in your `./data` directory and finds shared donor names between the different files.

To get receipt data from a particular set of committee data files, run the following:
```
python ./fec_data_merge.py -c <COMMITTEE_ID_1> <COMMITTEE_ID_2> <COMMITTEE_ID_3> ...
```

## License
Apache 2.0 http://www.apache.org/licenses/

Commit message:

Fix: correct and complete fec_data_merge.py implementation with logging

README.md, after:

# Sunlight FEC Analysis - Committee Receipt Merge
Michael Nolan, Sunlight Search

Created: 2024-01-12

## Overview
Script and tooling to access and compare contributions to and payouts from different U.S. political campaigns. Data accessed from the Federal Election Commission's openFEC data access API: https://api.open.fec.gov/developers/

## Dependencies
- python >= 3.6
- numpy
- pandas
- requests
- tqdm

## Installation
1. Clone the repository to a local directory
2. Get an OpenFEC API key: https://api.open.fec.gov/developers/
3. Create an `.env` file at the base directory of the repository. Add the following lines:
```
# OpenFEC API key
OPENFEC_API_KEY = <your_api_key_from_step_2>
```

## Operation

### `open_fec_scraper.py` --- Download Committee Receipt Data
To run the data download script, navigate to the directory of your local clone of the repository and run the following from the command line:
```
python ./open_fec_scraper.py
```
This will run the script to download and save as a local CSV file all campaign receipts filed by a default set of candidate election committees.

To get receipt data from a different set of committees, run the following:
```
python ./open_fec_scraper.py -c <COMMITTEE_ID_1> <COMMITTEE_ID_2> <COMMITTEE_ID_3> ...
```
Candidate committees can be found using the OpenFEC portal here: https://www.fec.gov/data/

### `fec_data_merge.py` --- Find Donor Overlap
To run the analysis script, run the following from the command line:
```
python ./fec_data_merge.py
```
This takes each combination of the default committee data files in your `./data` directory and finds shared donor names between the different files.

To log data output to a markdown file (saved w/current timestamp to `./data`), run with the `-l` flag:
```
python ./fec_data_merge.py -l
```

To get receipt data from a particular set of committee data files, run the following:
```
python ./fec_data_merge.py -c <COMMITTEE_ID_1> <COMMITTEE_ID_2> <COMMITTEE_ID_3> ...
```

## License
Apache 2.0 http://www.apache.org/licenses/
